modules/lustre/README.md, before:

# AWS FSx for Lustre Terraform module

Terraform module which creates AWS FSx for Lustre resources.

## Usage

See [`examples`](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/master/examples) directory for working examples to reference:

### Persistent 1 File System

```hcl
module "fsx_lustre_persistent_1" {
  source = "terraform-aws-modules/fsx/aws//modules/lustre"

  name = "example-persistent1"

  # File system
  automatic_backup_retention_days = 0
  data_compression_type           = "LZ4"
  deployment_type                 = "PERSISTENT_1"
  file_system_type_version        = "2.12"

  log_configuration = {
    level = "ERROR_ONLY"
  }

  per_unit_storage_throughput = 50

  root_squash_configuration = {
    root_squash = "365534:65534"
  }

  storage_capacity              = 1200
  storage_type                  = "SSD"
  subnet_ids                    = ["subnet-abcde012"]
  weekly_maintenance_start_time = "1:06:00"

  # Data Repository Association(s)
  data_repository_associations = {
    example = {
      batch_import_meta_data_on_create = true
      data_repository_path             = "s3://example-s3-bucket"
      delete_data_in_filesystem        = false
      file_system_path                 = "/persistent1/data"
      imported_file_chunk_size         = 128

      s3 = {
        auto_export_policy = {
          events = ["NEW", "CHANGED", "DELETED"]
        }

        auto_import_policy = {
          events = ["NEW", "CHANGED", "DELETED"]
        }
      }
    }
  }

  # Security group
  security_group_ingress_rules = {
    in = {
      cidr_ipv4   = ["10.0.0.0/16"]
      description = "Allow all traffic from the VPC"
      from_port   = 0
      to_port     = 0
      protocol    = "tcp"
    }
  }
  security_group_egress_rules = {
    out = {
      cidr_ipv4   = "0.0.0.0/0"
      description = "Allow all traffic"
      ip_protocol = "-1"
    }
  }

  tags = {
    Terraform   = "true"
    Environment = "dev"
  }
}
```

### Persistent 2 File System

```hcl
module "fsx_lustre_persistent_2" {
  source = "terraform-aws-modules/fsx/aws//modules/lustre"

  name = "example-persistent2"

  # File system
  automatic_backup_retention_days = 0
  data_compression_type           = "LZ4"
  deployment_type                 = "PERSISTENT_2"
  file_system_type_version        = "2.12"

  log_configuration = {
    level = "ERROR_ONLY"
  }

  per_unit_storage_throughput = 125

  root_squash_configuration = {
    root_squash = "365534:65534"
  }

  storage_capacity              = 1200
  storage_type                  = "SSD"
  subnet_ids                    = ["subnet-abcde012"]
  weekly_maintenance_start_time = "1:06:00"

  # Data Repository Association(s)
  data_repository_associations = {
    example = {
      batch_import_meta_data_on_create = true
      data_repository_path             = "s3://example-s3-bucket"
      delete_data_in_filesystem        = false
      file_system_path                 = "/persistent2/data"
      imported_file_chunk_size         = 128

      s3 = {
        auto_export_policy = {
          events = ["NEW", "CHANGED", "DELETED"]
        }

        auto_import_policy = {
          events = ["NEW", "CHANGED", "DELETED"]
        }
      }
    }
  }

  # Security group
  security_group_ingress_rules = {
    in = {
      cidr_ipv4   = ["10.0.0.0/16"]
      description = "Allow all traffic from the VPC"
      from_port   = 0
      to_port     = 0
      protocol    = "tcp"
    }
  }
  security_group_egress_rules = {
    out = {
      cidr_ipv4   = "0.0.0.0/0"
      description = "Allow all traffic"
      ip_protocol = "-1"
    }
  }

  tags = {
    Terraform   = "true"
    Environment = "dev"
  }
}
```

## Examples

Examples codified under the [`examples`](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/master/examples) are intended to give users references for how to use the module(s) as well as testing/validating changes to the source code of the module. If contributing to the project, please be sure to make any appropriate updates to the relevant examples to allow maintainers to test your changes and to keep the examples up to date for users. Thank you!

- [FSx for Lustre](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/master/examples/lustre)
- [FSx for NetApp ONTAP](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/master/examples/ontap)
- [FSx for OpenZFS](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/master/examples/openzfs)
- [FSx for Windows File Server](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/master/examples/windows)

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.3 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 5.34 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 5.34 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_cloudwatch_log_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudwatch_log_group) | resource |
| [aws_fsx_backup.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/fsx_backup) | resource |
| [aws_fsx_data_repository_association.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/fsx_data_repository_association) | resource |
| [aws_fsx_file_cache.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/fsx_file_cache) | resource |
| [aws_fsx_lustre_file_system.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/fsx_lustre_file_system) | resource |
| [aws_security_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/security_group) | resource |
| [aws_vpc_security_group_egress_rule.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/vpc_security_group_egress_rule) | resource |
| [aws_vpc_security_group_ingress_rule.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/vpc_security_group_ingress_rule) | resource |
| [aws_subnet.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/subnet) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_automatic_backup_retention_days"></a> [automatic\_backup\_retention\_days](#input\_automatic\_backup\_retention\_days) | The number of days to retain automatic backups. Setting this to 0 disables automatic backups. You can retain automatic backups for a maximum of 90 days. only valid for `PERSISTENT_1` and `PERSISTENT_2` deployment\_type | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_backup_id"></a> [backup\_id](#input\_backup\_id) | The ID of the source backup to create the filesystem from | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_backup_tags"></a> [backup\_tags](#input\_backup\_tags) | A map of additional tags to assign to the backup | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_backup_timeouts"></a> [backup\_timeouts](#input\_backup\_timeouts) | Create and delete timeout configurations for the backup | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_class"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_class](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_class) | Specified the log class of the log group. Possible values are: `STANDARD` or `INFREQUENT_ACCESS` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_kms_key_id"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_kms\_key\_id](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_kms\_key\_id) | If a KMS Key ARN is set, this key will be used to encrypt the corresponding log group. Please be sure that the KMS Key has an appropriate key policy (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/logs/encrypt-log-data-kms.html) | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_name"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_name](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_name) | Name of the CloudWatch Log Group to send logs to. Note: `/aws/fsx/` is pre-pended to the name provided as this is a requirement by FSx | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_retention_in_days"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_retention\_in\_days](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_retention\_in\_days) | Number of days to retain log events. Default retention - 90 days | `number` | `90` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_tags"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_tags](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_tags) | A map of additional tags to add to the cloudwatch log group created | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_use_name_prefix"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_use\_name\_prefix](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_use\_name\_prefix) | Determines whether the log group name should be prefixed with the `cloudwatch_log_group_name` provided | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_copy_tags_to_backups"></a> [copy\_tags\_to\_backups](#input\_copy\_tags\_to\_backups) | A boolean flag indicating whether tags for the file system should be copied to backups | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create"></a> [create](#input\_create) | Determines whether resources will be created (affects all resources) | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_backup"></a> [create\_backup](#input\_create\_backup) | Whether to create a backup of the file system | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_cloudwatch_log_group"></a> [create\_cloudwatch\_log\_group](#input\_create\_cloudwatch\_log\_group) | Determines whether a log group is created by this module for the cluster logs. If not, AWS will automatically create one if logging is enabled | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_file_cache"></a> [create\_file\_cache](#input\_create\_file\_cache) | Determines whether a file cache is created | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_security_group"></a> [create\_security\_group](#input\_create\_security\_group) | Determines if a security group is created | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_daily_automatic_backup_start_time"></a> [daily\_automatic\_backup\_start\_time](#input\_daily\_automatic\_backup\_start\_time) | The preferred time to take daily automatic backups, in the UTC time zone. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_data_compression_type"></a> [data\_compression\_type](#input\_data\_compression\_type) | Sets the data compression configuration for the file system. Valid values are `LZ4` and `NONE`. Default value is `NONE` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_data_repository_associations"></a> [data\_repository\_associations](#input\_data\_repository\_associations) | A map of data repository associations to create | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_data_repository_associations_timeouts"></a> [data\_repository\_associations\_timeouts](#input\_data\_repository\_associations\_timeouts) | Create, update, and delete timeout configurations for the data repository associations | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_deployment_type"></a> [deployment\_type](#input\_deployment\_type) | The filesystem deployment type. One of: `SCRATCH_1`, `SCRATCH_2`, `PERSISTENT_1`, `PERSISTENT_2` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_drive_cache_type"></a> [drive\_cache\_type](#input\_drive\_cache\_type) | The type of drive cache used by `PERSISTENT_1` filesystems that are provisioned with `HDD` `storage_type` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_file_cache_copy_tags_to_data_repository_associations"></a> [file\_cache\_copy\_tags\_to\_data\_repository\_associations](#input\_file\_cache\_copy\_tags\_to\_data\_repository\_associations) | A boolean flag indicating whether tags for the cache should be copied to data repository associations. This value defaults to `false` | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_file_cache_kms_key_id"></a> [file\_cache\_kms\_key\_id](#input\_file\_cache\_kms\_key\_id) | Specifies the ID of the AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key to use for encrypting data on an Amazon File Cache | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_file_cache_lustre_configuration"></a> [file\_cache\_lustre\_configuration](#input\_file\_cache\_lustre\_configuration) | The configuration object for Amazon FSx for Lustre | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_file_cache_storage_capacity"></a> [file\_cache\_storage\_capacity](#input\_file\_cache\_storage\_capacity) | The storage capacity of the cache in gibibytes (GiB). Valid values are 1200 GiB, 2400 GiB, and increments of 2400 GiB | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_file_cache_type_version"></a> [file\_cache\_type\_version](#input\_file\_cache\_type\_version) | The version for the type of cache that you're creating | `string` | `"2.12"` | no |
| <a name="input_file_system_type_version"></a> [file\_system\_type\_version](#input\_file\_system\_type\_version) | Sets the Lustre version for the file system that you're creating | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_kms_key_id"></a> [kms\_key\_id](#input\_kms\_key\_id) | ARN for the KMS Key to encrypt the file system at rest. Defaults to an AWS managed KMS Key | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_log_configuration"></a> [log\_configuration](#input\_log\_configuration) | The configuration object for Amazon FSx for Lustre file systems used in the CreateFileSystem and CreateFileSystemFromBackup operations. | `map(string)` | <pre>{<br>  "level": "WARN_ERROR"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | The name of the file system | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_per_unit_storage_throughput"></a> [per\_unit\_storage\_throughput](#input\_per\_unit\_storage\_throughput) | Describes the amount of read and write throughput for each 1 tebibyte of storage, in MB/s/TiB, required for the `PERSISTENT_1` and `PERSISTENT_2` deployment\_type | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_root_squash_configuration"></a> [root\_squash\_configuration](#input\_root\_squash\_configuration) | The Lustre root squash configuration used when creating an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system. When enabled, root squash restricts root-level access from clients that try to access your file system as a root user | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_description"></a> [security\_group\_description](#input\_security\_group\_description) | Description of the security group created | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_egress_rules"></a> [security\_group\_egress\_rules](#input\_security\_group\_egress\_rules) | Security group egress rules to add to the security group created | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_ids"></a> [security\_group\_ids](#input\_security\_group\_ids) | A list of IDs for the security groups that apply to the specified network interfaces created for file system access. These security groups will apply to all network interfaces | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_ingress_rules"></a> [security\_group\_ingress\_rules](#input\_security\_group\_ingress\_rules) | Security group ingress rules to add to the security group created | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_name"></a> [security\_group\_name](#input\_security\_group\_name) | Name to use on security group created | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_tags"></a> [security\_group\_tags](#input\_security\_group\_tags) | A map of additional tags to add to the security group created | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_use_name_prefix"></a> [security\_group\_use\_name\_prefix](#input\_security\_group\_use\_name\_prefix) | Determines whether the security group name (`security_group_name`) is used as a prefix | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_capacity"></a> [storage\_capacity](#input\_storage\_capacity) | The storage capacity (GiB) of the file system | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_type"></a> [storage\_type](#input\_storage\_type) | The filesystem storage type. Either `SSD` or `HDD`, defaults to `SSD` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_ids"></a> [subnet\_ids](#input\_subnet\_ids) | A list of IDs for the subnets that the file system will be accessible from | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to add to all resources | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#input\_timeouts) | Create, update, and delete timeout configurations for the file system | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_weekly_maintenance_start_time"></a> [weekly\_maintenance\_start\_time](#input\_weekly\_maintenance\_start\_time) | The preferred start time (in d:HH:MM format) to perform weekly maintenance, in the UTC time zone | `string` | `null` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_backup_arn"></a> [backup\_arn](#output\_backup\_arn) | Amazon Resource Name of the backup |
| <a name="output_backup_id"></a> [backup\_id](#output\_backup\_id) | Identifier of the backup |
| <a name="output_cloudwatch_log_group_arn"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_arn](#output\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_arn) | Arn of cloudwatch log group created |
| <a name="output_cloudwatch_log_group_name"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_name](#output\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_name) | Name of cloudwatch log group created |
| <a name="output_data_repository_associations"></a> [data\_repository\_associations](#output\_data\_repository\_associations) | Data repository associations created and their attributes |
| <a name="output_file_cache_arn"></a> [file\_cache\_arn](#output\_file\_cache\_arn) | Amazon Resource Name of the file cache |
| <a name="output_file_cache_dns_name"></a> [file\_cache\_dns\_name](#output\_file\_cache\_dns\_name) | The Domain Name System (DNS) name for the cache |
| <a name="output_file_cache_id"></a> [file\_cache\_id](#output\_file\_cache\_id) | Identifier of the file cache |
| <a name="output_file_system_arn"></a> [file\_system\_arn](#output\_file\_system\_arn) | Amazon Resource Name of the file system |
| <a name="output_file_system_dns_name"></a> [file\_system\_dns\_name](#output\_file\_system\_dns\_name) | DNS name for the file system, e.g., `fs-12345678.fsx.us-west-2.amazonaws.com` |
| <a name="output_file_system_id"></a> [file\_system\_id](#output\_file\_system\_id) | Identifier of the file system, e.g., `fs-12345678` |
| <a name="output_file_system_mount_name"></a> [file\_system\_mount\_name](#output\_file\_system\_mount\_name) | The value to be used when mounting the filesystem |
| <a name="output_file_system_network_interface_ids"></a> [file\_system\_network\_interface\_ids](#output\_file\_system\_network\_interface\_ids) | Set of Elastic Network Interface identifiers from which the file system is accessible. As explained in the [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/fsx/latest/LustreGuide/mounting-on-premises.html), the first network interface returned is the primary network interface |
| <a name="output_security_group_arn"></a> [security\_group\_arn](#output\_security\_group\_arn) | Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the security group |
| <a name="output_security_group_id"></a> [security\_group\_id](#output\_security\_group\_id) | ID of the security group |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

## License

Apache-2.0 Licensed. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-fsx/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

feat: Add `metadata_configuration` to FSx Lustre, `aggregate_configuration` to FSx Ontap, and `file_system_endpoint_ip_address` attribute to Openzfs (#4)

modules/lustre/README.md, after:

# AWS FSx for Lustre Terraform module

Terraform module which creates AWS FSx for Lustre resources.

## Usage

See [`examples`](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/master/examples) directory for working examples to reference:

### Persistent 1 File System

```hcl
module "fsx_lustre_persistent_1" {
  source = "terraform-aws-modules/fsx/aws//modules/lustre"

  name = "example-persistent1"

  # File system
  automatic_backup_retention_days = 0
  data_compression_type           = "LZ4"
  deployment_type                 = "PERSISTENT_1"
  file_system_type_version        = "2.12"

  log_configuration = {
    level = "ERROR_ONLY"
  }

  per_unit_storage_throughput = 50

  root_squash_configuration = {
    root_squash = "365534:65534"
  }

  storage_capacity              = 1200
  storage_type                  = "SSD"
  subnet_ids                    = ["subnet-abcde012"]
  weekly_maintenance_start_time = "1:06:00"

  # Data Repository Association(s)
  data_repository_associations = {
    example = {
      batch_import_meta_data_on_create = true
      data_repository_path             = "s3://example-s3-bucket"
      delete_data_in_filesystem        = false
      file_system_path                 = "/persistent1/data"
      imported_file_chunk_size         = 128

      s3 = {
        auto_export_policy = {
          events = ["NEW", "CHANGED", "DELETED"]
        }

        auto_import_policy = {
          events = ["NEW", "CHANGED", "DELETED"]
        }
      }
    }
  }

  # Security group
  security_group_ingress_rules = {
    in = {
      cidr_ipv4   = ["10.0.0.0/16"]
      description = "Allow all traffic from the VPC"
      from_port   = 0
      to_port     = 0
      protocol    = "tcp"
    }
  }
  security_group_egress_rules = {
    out = {
      cidr_ipv4   = "0.0.0.0/0"
      description = "Allow all traffic"
      ip_protocol = "-1"
    }
  }

  tags = {
    Terraform   = "true"
    Environment = "dev"
  }
}
```

### Persistent 2 File System

```hcl
module "fsx_lustre_persistent_2" {
  source = "terraform-aws-modules/fsx/aws//modules/lustre"

  name = "example-persistent2"

  # File system
  automatic_backup_retention_days = 0
  data_compression_type           = "LZ4"
  deployment_type                 = "PERSISTENT_2"
  file_system_type_version        = "2.12"

  log_configuration = {
    level = "ERROR_ONLY"
  }

  per_unit_storage_throughput = 125

  root_squash_configuration = {
    root_squash = "365534:65534"
  }

  storage_capacity              = 1200
  storage_type                  = "SSD"
  subnet_ids                    = ["subnet-abcde012"]
  weekly_maintenance_start_time = "1:06:00"

  # Data Repository Association(s)
  data_repository_associations = {
    example = {
      batch_import_meta_data_on_create = true
      data_repository_path             = "s3://example-s3-bucket"
      delete_data_in_filesystem        = false
      file_system_path                 = "/persistent2/data"
      imported_file_chunk_size         = 128

      s3 = {
        auto_export_policy = {
          events = ["NEW", "CHANGED", "DELETED"]
        }

        auto_import_policy = {
          events = ["NEW", "CHANGED", "DELETED"]
        }
      }
    }
  }

  # Security group
  security_group_ingress_rules = {
    in = {
      cidr_ipv4   = ["10.0.0.0/16"]
      description = "Allow all traffic from the VPC"
      from_port   = 0
      to_port     = 0
      protocol    = "tcp"
    }
  }
  security_group_egress_rules = {
    out = {
      cidr_ipv4   = "0.0.0.0/0"
      description = "Allow all traffic"
      ip_protocol = "-1"
    }
  }

  tags = {
    Terraform   = "true"
    Environment = "dev"
  }
}
```

## Examples

Examples codified under the [`examples`](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/master/examples) are intended to give users references for how to use the module(s) as well as testing/validating changes to the source code of the module. If contributing to the project, please be sure to make any appropriate updates to the relevant examples to allow maintainers to test your changes and to keep the examples up to date for users. Thank you!

- [FSx for Lustre](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/master/examples/lustre)
- [FSx for NetApp ONTAP](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/master/examples/ontap)
- [FSx for OpenZFS](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/master/examples/openzfs)
- [FSx for Windows File Server](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/master/examples/windows)

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.3 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 5.53 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 5.53 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_cloudwatch_log_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudwatch_log_group) | resource |
| [aws_fsx_backup.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/fsx_backup) | resource |
| [aws_fsx_data_repository_association.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/fsx_data_repository_association) | resource |
| [aws_fsx_file_cache.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/fsx_file_cache) | resource |
| [aws_fsx_lustre_file_system.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/fsx_lustre_file_system) | resource |
| [aws_security_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/security_group) | resource |
| [aws_vpc_security_group_egress_rule.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/vpc_security_group_egress_rule) | resource |
| [aws_vpc_security_group_ingress_rule.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/vpc_security_group_ingress_rule) | resource |
| [aws_subnet.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/subnet) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_automatic_backup_retention_days"></a> [automatic\_backup\_retention\_days](#input\_automatic\_backup\_retention\_days) | The number of days to retain automatic backups. Setting this to 0 disables automatic backups. You can retain automatic backups for a maximum of 90 days. only valid for `PERSISTENT_1` and `PERSISTENT_2` deployment\_type | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_backup_id"></a> [backup\_id](#input\_backup\_id) | The ID of the source backup to create the filesystem from | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_backup_tags"></a> [backup\_tags](#input\_backup\_tags) | A map of additional tags to assign to the backup | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_backup_timeouts"></a> [backup\_timeouts](#input\_backup\_timeouts) | Create and delete timeout configurations for the backup | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_class"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_class](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_class) | Specified the log class of the log group. Possible values are: `STANDARD` or `INFREQUENT_ACCESS` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_kms_key_id"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_kms\_key\_id](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_kms\_key\_id) | If a KMS Key ARN is set, this key will be used to encrypt the corresponding log group. Please be sure that the KMS Key has an appropriate key policy (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/logs/encrypt-log-data-kms.html) | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_name"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_name](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_name) | Name of the CloudWatch Log Group to send logs to. Note: `/aws/fsx/` is pre-pended to the name provided as this is a requirement by FSx | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_retention_in_days"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_retention\_in\_days](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_retention\_in\_days) | Number of days to retain log events. Default retention - 90 days | `number` | `90` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_tags"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_tags](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_tags) | A map of additional tags to add to the cloudwatch log group created | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_use_name_prefix"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_use\_name\_prefix](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_use\_name\_prefix) | Determines whether the log group name should be prefixed with the `cloudwatch_log_group_name` provided | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_copy_tags_to_backups"></a> [copy\_tags\_to\_backups](#input\_copy\_tags\_to\_backups) | A boolean flag indicating whether tags for the file system should be copied to backups | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create"></a> [create](#input\_create) | Determines whether resources will be created (affects all resources) | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_backup"></a> [create\_backup](#input\_create\_backup) | Whether to create a backup of the file system | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_cloudwatch_log_group"></a> [create\_cloudwatch\_log\_group](#input\_create\_cloudwatch\_log\_group) | Determines whether a log group is created by this module for the cluster logs. If not, AWS will automatically create one if logging is enabled | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_file_cache"></a> [create\_file\_cache](#input\_create\_file\_cache) | Determines whether a file cache is created | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_security_group"></a> [create\_security\_group](#input\_create\_security\_group) | Determines if a security group is created | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_daily_automatic_backup_start_time"></a> [daily\_automatic\_backup\_start\_time](#input\_daily\_automatic\_backup\_start\_time) | The preferred time to take daily automatic backups, in the UTC time zone. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_data_compression_type"></a> [data\_compression\_type](#input\_data\_compression\_type) | Sets the data compression configuration for the file system. Valid values are `LZ4` and `NONE`. Default value is `NONE` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_data_repository_associations"></a> [data\_repository\_associations](#input\_data\_repository\_associations) | A map of data repository associations to create | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_data_repository_associations_timeouts"></a> [data\_repository\_associations\_timeouts](#input\_data\_repository\_associations\_timeouts) | Create, update, and delete timeout configurations for the data repository associations | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_deployment_type"></a> [deployment\_type](#input\_deployment\_type) | The filesystem deployment type. One of: `SCRATCH_1`, `SCRATCH_2`, `PERSISTENT_1`, `PERSISTENT_2` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_drive_cache_type"></a> [drive\_cache\_type](#input\_drive\_cache\_type) | The type of drive cache used by `PERSISTENT_1` filesystems that are provisioned with `HDD` `storage_type` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_file_cache_copy_tags_to_data_repository_associations"></a> [file\_cache\_copy\_tags\_to\_data\_repository\_associations](#input\_file\_cache\_copy\_tags\_to\_data\_repository\_associations) | A boolean flag indicating whether tags for the cache should be copied to data repository associations. This value defaults to `false` | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_file_cache_kms_key_id"></a> [file\_cache\_kms\_key\_id](#input\_file\_cache\_kms\_key\_id) | Specifies the ID of the AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key to use for encrypting data on an Amazon File Cache | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_file_cache_lustre_configuration"></a> [file\_cache\_lustre\_configuration](#input\_file\_cache\_lustre\_configuration) | The configuration object for Amazon FSx for Lustre | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_file_cache_storage_capacity"></a> [file\_cache\_storage\_capacity](#input\_file\_cache\_storage\_capacity) | The storage capacity of the cache in gibibytes (GiB). Valid values are 1200 GiB, 2400 GiB, and increments of 2400 GiB | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_file_cache_type_version"></a> [file\_cache\_type\_version](#input\_file\_cache\_type\_version) | The version for the type of cache that you're creating | `string` | `"2.12"` | no |
| <a name="input_file_system_type_version"></a> [file\_system\_type\_version](#input\_file\_system\_type\_version) | Sets the Lustre version for the file system that you're creating | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_kms_key_id"></a> [kms\_key\_id](#input\_kms\_key\_id) | ARN for the KMS Key to encrypt the file system at rest. Defaults to an AWS managed KMS Key | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_log_configuration"></a> [log\_configuration](#input\_log\_configuration) | The configuration object for Amazon FSx for Lustre file systems used in the CreateFileSystem and CreateFileSystemFromBackup operations. | `map(string)` | <pre>{<br>  "level": "WARN_ERROR"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_metadata_configuration"></a> [metadata\_configuration](#input\_metadata\_configuration) | The Lustre metadata configuration used when creating an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system. This can be used to specify a user provisioned metadata scale. This is only supported when deployment\_type is set to PERSISTENT\_2 | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | The name of the file system | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_per_unit_storage_throughput"></a> [per\_unit\_storage\_throughput](#input\_per\_unit\_storage\_throughput) | Describes the amount of read and write throughput for each 1 tebibyte of storage, in MB/s/TiB, required for the `PERSISTENT_1` and `PERSISTENT_2` deployment\_type | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_root_squash_configuration"></a> [root\_squash\_configuration](#input\_root\_squash\_configuration) | The Lustre root squash configuration used when creating an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system. When enabled, root squash restricts root-level access from clients that try to access your file system as a root user | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_description"></a> [security\_group\_description](#input\_security\_group\_description) | Description of the security group created | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_egress_rules"></a> [security\_group\_egress\_rules](#input\_security\_group\_egress\_rules) | Security group egress rules to add to the security group created | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_ids"></a> [security\_group\_ids](#input\_security\_group\_ids) | A list of IDs for the security groups that apply to the specified network interfaces created for file system access. These security groups will apply to all network interfaces | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_ingress_rules"></a> [security\_group\_ingress\_rules](#input\_security\_group\_ingress\_rules) | Security group ingress rules to add to the security group created | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_name"></a> [security\_group\_name](#input\_security\_group\_name) | Name to use on security group created | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_tags"></a> [security\_group\_tags](#input\_security\_group\_tags) | A map of additional tags to add to the security group created | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_use_name_prefix"></a> [security\_group\_use\_name\_prefix](#input\_security\_group\_use\_name\_prefix) | Determines whether the security group name (`security_group_name`) is used as a prefix | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_capacity"></a> [storage\_capacity](#input\_storage\_capacity) | The storage capacity (GiB) of the file system | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_type"></a> [storage\_type](#input\_storage\_type) | The filesystem storage type. Either `SSD` or `HDD`, defaults to `SSD` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_ids"></a> [subnet\_ids](#input\_subnet\_ids) | A list of IDs for the subnets that the file system will be accessible from | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to add to all resources | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#input\_timeouts) | Create, update, and delete timeout configurations for the file system | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_weekly_maintenance_start_time"></a> [weekly\_maintenance\_start\_time](#input\_weekly\_maintenance\_start\_time) | The preferred start time (in d:HH:MM format) to perform weekly maintenance, in the UTC time zone | `string` | `null` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_backup_arn"></a> [backup\_arn](#output\_backup\_arn) | Amazon Resource Name of the backup |
| <a name="output_backup_id"></a> [backup\_id](#output\_backup\_id) | Identifier of the backup |
| <a name="output_cloudwatch_log_group_arn"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_arn](#output\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_arn) | Arn of cloudwatch log group created |
| <a name="output_cloudwatch_log_group_name"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_name](#output\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_name) | Name of cloudwatch log group created |
| <a name="output_data_repository_associations"></a> [data\_repository\_associations](#output\_data\_repository\_associations) | Data repository associations created and their attributes |
| <a name="output_file_cache_arn"></a> [file\_cache\_arn](#output\_file\_cache\_arn) | Amazon Resource Name of the file cache |
| <a name="output_file_cache_dns_name"></a> [file\_cache\_dns\_name](#output\_file\_cache\_dns\_name) | The Domain Name System (DNS) name for the cache |
| <a name="output_file_cache_id"></a> [file\_cache\_id](#output\_file\_cache\_id) | Identifier of the file cache |
| <a name="output_file_system_arn"></a> [file\_system\_arn](#output\_file\_system\_arn) | Amazon Resource Name of the file system |
| <a name="output_file_system_dns_name"></a> [file\_system\_dns\_name](#output\_file\_system\_dns\_name) | DNS name for the file system, e.g., `fs-12345678.fsx.us-west-2.amazonaws.com` |
| <a name="output_file_system_id"></a> [file\_system\_id](#output\_file\_system\_id) | Identifier of the file system, e.g., `fs-12345678` |
| <a name="output_file_system_mount_name"></a> [file\_system\_mount\_name](#output\_file\_system\_mount\_name) | The value to be used when mounting the filesystem |
| <a name="output_file_system_network_interface_ids"></a> [file\_system\_network\_interface\_ids](#output\_file\_system\_network\_interface\_ids) | Set of Elastic Network Interface identifiers from which the file system is accessible. As explained in the [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/fsx/latest/LustreGuide/mounting-on-premises.html), the first network interface returned is the primary network interface |
| <a name="output_security_group_arn"></a> [security\_group\_arn](#output\_security\_group\_arn) | Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the security group |
| <a name="output_security_group_id"></a> [security\_group\_id](#output\_security\_group\_id) | ID of the security group |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

## License

Apache-2.0 Licensed. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-fsx/blob/master/LICENSE).
