modules/windows/README.md, before:

# AWS FSx for Windows File Server Terraform module

Terraform module which creates AWS FSx for Windows File Server resources.

## Usage

See [`examples`](https://github.com/clowdhaus/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/main/examples) directory for working examples to reference:

```hcl
module "fsx_windows" {
  source = "clowdhaus/fsx/aws//modules/windows"

  tags = {
    Terraform   = "true"
    Environment = "dev"
  }
}
```

## Examples

Examples codified under the [`examples`](https://github.com/clowdhaus/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/main/examples) are intended to give users references for how to use the module(s) as well as testing/validating changes to the source code of the module. If contributing to the project, please be sure to make any appropriate updates to the relevant examples to allow maintainers to test your changes and to keep the examples up to date for users. Thank you!

- [FSx for Lustre](https://github.com/clowdhaus/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/main/examples/lustre)
- [FSx for NetApp ONTAP](https://github.com/clowdhaus/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/main/examples/ontap)
- [FSx for OpenZFS](https://github.com/clowdhaus/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/main/examples/openzfs)
- [FSx for Windows File Server](https://github.com/clowdhaus/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/main/examples/windows)

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.3 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 5.34 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 5.34 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_cloudwatch_log_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudwatch_log_group) | resource |
| [aws_fsx_windows_file_system.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/fsx_windows_file_system) | resource |
| [aws_security_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/security_group) | resource |
| [aws_vpc_security_group_egress_rule.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/vpc_security_group_egress_rule) | resource |
| [aws_vpc_security_group_ingress_rule.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/vpc_security_group_ingress_rule) | resource |
| [aws_subnet.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/subnet) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_active_directory_id"></a> [active\_directory\_id](#input\_active\_directory\_id) | The ID for an existing Microsoft Active Directory instance that the file system should join when it's created. Cannot be specified with `self_managed_active_directory` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_aliases"></a> [aliases](#input\_aliases) | An array DNS alias names that you want to associate with the Amazon FSx file system | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_audit_log_configuration"></a> [audit\_log\_configuration](#input\_audit\_log\_configuration) | The configuration that Amazon FSx for Windows File Server uses to audit and log user accesses of files, folders, and file shares on the Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system | `any` | <pre>{<br>  "file_access_audit_log_level": "FAILURE_ONLY",<br>  "file_share_access_audit_log_level": "FAILURE_ONLY"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_automatic_backup_retention_days"></a> [automatic\_backup\_retention\_days](#input\_automatic\_backup\_retention\_days) | The number of days to retain automatic backups. Minimum of `0` and maximum of `90`. Defaults to `7`. Set to `0` to disable | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_backup_id"></a> [backup\_id](#input\_backup\_id) | The ID of the source backup to create the filesystem from | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_class"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_class](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_class) | Specified the log class of the log group. Possible values are: `STANDARD` or `INFREQUENT_ACCESS` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_kms_key_id"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_kms\_key\_id](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_kms\_key\_id) | If a KMS Key ARN is set, this key will be used to encrypt the corresponding log group. Please be sure that the KMS Key has an appropriate key policy (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/logs/encrypt-log-data-kms.html) | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_name"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_name](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_name) | Name of the CloudWatch Log Group to send logs to. Note: `/aws/fsx/` is pre-pended to the name provided as this is a requirement by FSx | `string` | `"windows"` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_retention_in_days"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_retention\_in\_days](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_retention\_in\_days) | Number of days to retain log events. Default retention - 90 days | `number` | `90` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_tags"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_tags](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_tags) | A map of additional tags to add to the cloudwatch log group created | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_use_name_prefix"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_use\_name\_prefix](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_use\_name\_prefix) | Determines whether the log group name should be prefixed with the `cloudwatch_log_group_name` provided | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_copy_tags_to_backups"></a> [copy\_tags\_to\_backups](#input\_copy\_tags\_to\_backups) | A boolean flag indicating whether tags on the file system should be copied to backups. Defaults to `false` | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_create"></a> [create](#input\_create) | Determines whether resources will be created (affects all resources) | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_cloudwatch_log_group"></a> [create\_cloudwatch\_log\_group](#input\_create\_cloudwatch\_log\_group) | Determines whether a log group is created | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_security_group"></a> [create\_security\_group](#input\_create\_security\_group) | Determines if a security group is created | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_daily_automatic_backup_start_time"></a> [daily\_automatic\_backup\_start\_time](#input\_daily\_automatic\_backup\_start\_time) | The preferred time (in `HH:MM` format) to take daily automatic backups, in the UTC time zone | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_deployment_type"></a> [deployment\_type](#input\_deployment\_type) | Specifies the file system deployment type, valid values are `MULTI_AZ_1`, `SINGLE_AZ_1` and `SINGLE_AZ_2`. Default value is `SINGLE_AZ_1` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_disk_iops_configuration"></a> [disk\_iops\_configuration](#input\_disk\_iops\_configuration) | The SSD IOPS configuration for the Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_kms_key_id"></a> [kms\_key\_id](#input\_kms\_key\_id) | ARN for the KMS Key to encrypt the file system at rest. Defaults to an AWS managed KMS Key | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_preferred_subnet_id"></a> [preferred\_subnet\_id](#input\_preferred\_subnet\_id) | Specifies the subnet in which you want the preferred file server to be located. Required for when deployment type is `MULTI_AZ_1` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_description"></a> [security\_group\_description](#input\_security\_group\_description) | Description of the security group created | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_egress_rules"></a> [security\_group\_egress\_rules](#input\_security\_group\_egress\_rules) | Security group egress rules to add to the security group created | `any` | <pre>{<br>  "ipv4": {<br>    "cidr_ipv4": "0.0.0.0/0",<br>    "description": "Allow all outbound traffic by default",<br>    "from_port": 0,<br>    "protocol": "-1",<br>    "to_port": 0<br>  },<br>  "ipv6": {<br>    "cidr_ipv6": "::/0",<br>    "description": "Allow all outbound traffic by default",<br>    "from_port": 0,<br>    "protocol": "-1",<br>    "to_port": 0<br>  }<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_ids"></a> [security\_group\_ids](#input\_security\_group\_ids) | A list of IDs for the security groups that apply to the specified network interfaces created for file system access. These security groups will apply to all network interfaces | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_ingress_rules"></a> [security\_group\_ingress\_rules](#input\_security\_group\_ingress\_rules) | Security group ingress rules to add to the security group created | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_name"></a> [security\_group\_name](#input\_security\_group\_name) | Name to use on security group created | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_tags"></a> [security\_group\_tags](#input\_security\_group\_tags) | A map of additional tags to add to the security group created | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_use_name_prefix"></a> [security\_group\_use\_name\_prefix](#input\_security\_group\_use\_name\_prefix) | Determines whether the security group name (`security_group_name`) is used as a prefix | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_self_managed_active_directory"></a> [self\_managed\_active\_directory](#input\_self\_managed\_active\_directory) | Configuration block that Amazon FSx uses to join the Windows File Server instance to your self-managed (including on-premises) Microsoft Active Directory (AD) directory. Cannot be specified with `active_directory_id` | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_skip_final_backup"></a> [skip\_final\_backup](#input\_skip\_final\_backup) | When enabled, will skip the default final backup taken when the file system is deleted. This configuration must be applied separately before attempting to delete the resource to have the desired behavior. Defaults to `false` | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_capacity"></a> [storage\_capacity](#input\_storage\_capacity) | Storage capacity (GiB) of the file system. Minimum of 32 and maximum of 65536. If the storage type is set to HDD the minimum value is `2000`. Required when not creating filesystem for a backup | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_type"></a> [storage\_type](#input\_storage\_type) | Specifies the storage type, Valid values are `SSD` and `HDD`. `HDD` is supported on `SINGLE_AZ_2` and `MULTI_AZ_1` Windows file system deployment types. Default value is `SSD` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_ids"></a> [subnet\_ids](#input\_subnet\_ids) | A list of IDs for the subnets that the file system will be accessible from. To specify more than a single subnet set `deployment_type` to `MULTI_AZ_1` | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to add to all resources | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_throughput_capacity"></a> [throughput\_capacity](#input\_throughput\_capacity) | Throughput (megabytes per second) of the file system in power of `2` increments. Minimum of `8` and maximum of `2048` | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#input\_timeouts) | Create, update, and delete timeout configurations for the file system | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_weekly_maintenance_start_time"></a> [weekly\_maintenance\_start\_time](#input\_weekly\_maintenance\_start\_time) | The preferred start time (in `d:HH:MM` format) to perform weekly maintenance, in the UTC time zone | `string` | `null` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_cloudwatch_log_group_arn"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_arn](#output\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_arn) | Arn of cloudwatch log group created |
| <a name="output_cloudwatch_log_group_name"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_name](#output\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_name) | Name of cloudwatch log group created |
| <a name="output_file_system_arn"></a> [file\_system\_arn](#output\_file\_system\_arn) | Amazon Resource Name of the file system |
| <a name="output_file_system_dns_name"></a> [file\_system\_dns\_name](#output\_file\_system\_dns\_name) | DNS name for the file system, e.g., `fs-12345678.fsx.us-west-2.amazonaws.com` |
| <a name="output_file_system_id"></a> [file\_system\_id](#output\_file\_system\_id) | Identifier of the file system, e.g., `fs-12345678` |
| <a name="output_file_system_network_interface_ids"></a> [file\_system\_network\_interface\_ids](#output\_file\_system\_network\_interface\_ids) | Set of Elastic Network Interface identifiers from which the file system is accessible. As explained in the [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/fsx/latest/LustreGuide/mounting-on-premises.html), the first network interface returned is the primary network interface |
| <a name="output_file_system_preferred_file_server_ip"></a> [file\_system\_preferred\_file\_server\_ip](#output\_file\_system\_preferred\_file\_server\_ip) | IP address of the primary, or preferred, file server |
| <a name="output_file_system_remote_administration_endpoint"></a> [file\_system\_remote\_administration\_endpoint](#output\_file\_system\_remote\_administration\_endpoint) | For `MULTI_AZ_1` deployment types, use this endpoint when performing administrative tasks on the file system using Amazon FSx Remote PowerShell. For `SINGLE_AZ_1` deployment types, this is the DNS name of the file system |
| <a name="output_security_group_arn"></a> [security\_group\_arn](#output\_security\_group\_arn) | Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the security group |
| <a name="output_security_group_id"></a> [security\_group\_id](#output\_security\_group\_id) | ID of the security group |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

## License

Apache-2.0 Licensed. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/clowdhaus/terraform-aws-fsx/blob/main/LICENSE).

Commit message:

fix: Updates from testing and validating examples

modules/windows/README.md, after:

# AWS FSx for Windows File Server Terraform module

Terraform module which creates AWS FSx for Windows File Server resources.

## Usage

See [`examples`](https://github.com/clowdhaus/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/main/examples) directory for working examples to reference:

```hcl
module "fsx_windows" {
  source = "clowdhaus/fsx/aws//modules/windows"

  tags = {
    Terraform   = "true"
    Environment = "dev"
  }
}
```

## Examples

Examples codified under the [`examples`](https://github.com/clowdhaus/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/main/examples) are intended to give users references for how to use the module(s) as well as testing/validating changes to the source code of the module. If contributing to the project, please be sure to make any appropriate updates to the relevant examples to allow maintainers to test your changes and to keep the examples up to date for users. Thank you!

- [FSx for Lustre](https://github.com/clowdhaus/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/main/examples/lustre)
- [FSx for NetApp ONTAP](https://github.com/clowdhaus/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/main/examples/ontap)
- [FSx for OpenZFS](https://github.com/clowdhaus/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/main/examples/openzfs)
- [FSx for Windows File Server](https://github.com/clowdhaus/terraform-aws-fsx/tree/main/examples/windows)

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.3 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 5.34 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 5.34 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_cloudwatch_log_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudwatch_log_group) | resource |
| [aws_fsx_windows_file_system.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/fsx_windows_file_system) | resource |
| [aws_security_group.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/security_group) | resource |
| [aws_vpc_security_group_egress_rule.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/vpc_security_group_egress_rule) | resource |
| [aws_vpc_security_group_ingress_rule.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/vpc_security_group_ingress_rule) | resource |
| [aws_subnet.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/subnet) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_active_directory_id"></a> [active\_directory\_id](#input\_active\_directory\_id) | The ID for an existing Microsoft Active Directory instance that the file system should join when it's created. Cannot be specified with `self_managed_active_directory` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_aliases"></a> [aliases](#input\_aliases) | An array DNS alias names that you want to associate with the Amazon FSx file system | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_audit_log_configuration"></a> [audit\_log\_configuration](#input\_audit\_log\_configuration) | The configuration that Amazon FSx for Windows File Server uses to audit and log user accesses of files, folders, and file shares on the Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system | `any` | <pre>{<br>  "file_access_audit_log_level": "FAILURE_ONLY",<br>  "file_share_access_audit_log_level": "FAILURE_ONLY"<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_automatic_backup_retention_days"></a> [automatic\_backup\_retention\_days](#input\_automatic\_backup\_retention\_days) | The number of days to retain automatic backups. Minimum of `0` and maximum of `90`. Defaults to `7`. Set to `0` to disable | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_backup_id"></a> [backup\_id](#input\_backup\_id) | The ID of the source backup to create the filesystem from | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_class"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_class](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_class) | Specified the log class of the log group. Possible values are: `STANDARD` or `INFREQUENT_ACCESS` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_kms_key_id"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_kms\_key\_id](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_kms\_key\_id) | If a KMS Key ARN is set, this key will be used to encrypt the corresponding log group. Please be sure that the KMS Key has an appropriate key policy (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/logs/encrypt-log-data-kms.html) | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_name"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_name](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_name) | Name of the CloudWatch Log Group to send logs to. Note: `/aws/fsx/` is pre-pended to the name provided as this is a requirement by FSx | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_retention_in_days"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_retention\_in\_days](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_retention\_in\_days) | Number of days to retain log events. Default retention - 90 days | `number` | `90` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_tags"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_tags](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_tags) | A map of additional tags to add to the cloudwatch log group created | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_use_name_prefix"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_use\_name\_prefix](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_use\_name\_prefix) | Determines whether the log group name should be prefixed with the `cloudwatch_log_group_name` provided | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_copy_tags_to_backups"></a> [copy\_tags\_to\_backups](#input\_copy\_tags\_to\_backups) | A boolean flag indicating whether tags on the file system should be copied to backups. Defaults to `false` | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_create"></a> [create](#input\_create) | Determines whether resources will be created (affects all resources) | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_cloudwatch_log_group"></a> [create\_cloudwatch\_log\_group](#input\_create\_cloudwatch\_log\_group) | Determines whether a log group is created | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_security_group"></a> [create\_security\_group](#input\_create\_security\_group) | Determines if a security group is created | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_daily_automatic_backup_start_time"></a> [daily\_automatic\_backup\_start\_time](#input\_daily\_automatic\_backup\_start\_time) | The preferred time (in `HH:MM` format) to take daily automatic backups, in the UTC time zone | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_deployment_type"></a> [deployment\_type](#input\_deployment\_type) | Specifies the file system deployment type, valid values are `MULTI_AZ_1`, `SINGLE_AZ_1` and `SINGLE_AZ_2`. Default value is `SINGLE_AZ_1` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_disk_iops_configuration"></a> [disk\_iops\_configuration](#input\_disk\_iops\_configuration) | The SSD IOPS configuration for the Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_kms_key_id"></a> [kms\_key\_id](#input\_kms\_key\_id) | ARN for the KMS Key to encrypt the file system at rest. Defaults to an AWS managed KMS Key | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | The name of the file system | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_preferred_subnet_id"></a> [preferred\_subnet\_id](#input\_preferred\_subnet\_id) | Specifies the subnet in which you want the preferred file server to be located. Required for when deployment type is `MULTI_AZ_1` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_description"></a> [security\_group\_description](#input\_security\_group\_description) | Description of the security group created | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_egress_rules"></a> [security\_group\_egress\_rules](#input\_security\_group\_egress\_rules) | Security group egress rules to add to the security group created | `any` | <pre>{<br>  "ipv4": {<br>    "cidr_ipv4": "0.0.0.0/0",<br>    "description": "Allow all outbound traffic by default",<br>    "ip_protocol": "-1"<br>  },<br>  "ipv6": {<br>    "cidr_ipv6": "::/0",<br>    "description": "Allow all outbound traffic by default",<br>    "ip_protocol": "-1"<br>  }<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_ids"></a> [security\_group\_ids](#input\_security\_group\_ids) | A list of IDs for the security groups that apply to the specified network interfaces created for file system access. These security groups will apply to all network interfaces | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_ingress_rules"></a> [security\_group\_ingress\_rules](#input\_security\_group\_ingress\_rules) | Security group ingress rules to add to the security group created | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_name"></a> [security\_group\_name](#input\_security\_group\_name) | Name to use on security group created | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_tags"></a> [security\_group\_tags](#input\_security\_group\_tags) | A map of additional tags to add to the security group created | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_use_name_prefix"></a> [security\_group\_use\_name\_prefix](#input\_security\_group\_use\_name\_prefix) | Determines whether the security group name (`security_group_name`) is used as a prefix | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_self_managed_active_directory"></a> [self\_managed\_active\_directory](#input\_self\_managed\_active\_directory) | Configuration block that Amazon FSx uses to join the Windows File Server instance to your self-managed (including on-premises) Microsoft Active Directory (AD) directory. Cannot be specified with `active_directory_id` | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_skip_final_backup"></a> [skip\_final\_backup](#input\_skip\_final\_backup) | When enabled, will skip the default final backup taken when the file system is deleted. This configuration must be applied separately before attempting to delete the resource to have the desired behavior. Defaults to `false` | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_capacity"></a> [storage\_capacity](#input\_storage\_capacity) | Storage capacity (GiB) of the file system. Minimum of 32 and maximum of 65536. If the storage type is set to HDD the minimum value is `2000`. Required when not creating filesystem for a backup | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_storage_type"></a> [storage\_type](#input\_storage\_type) | Specifies the storage type, Valid values are `SSD` and `HDD`. `HDD` is supported on `SINGLE_AZ_2` and `MULTI_AZ_1` Windows file system deployment types. Default value is `SSD` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_ids"></a> [subnet\_ids](#input\_subnet\_ids) | A list of IDs for the subnets that the file system will be accessible from. To specify more than a single subnet set `deployment_type` to `MULTI_AZ_1` | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to add to all resources | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_throughput_capacity"></a> [throughput\_capacity](#input\_throughput\_capacity) | Throughput (megabytes per second) of the file system in power of `2` increments. Minimum of `8` and maximum of `2048` | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#input\_timeouts) | Create, update, and delete timeout configurations for the file system | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_weekly_maintenance_start_time"></a> [weekly\_maintenance\_start\_time](#input\_weekly\_maintenance\_start\_time) | The preferred start time (in `d:HH:MM` format) to perform weekly maintenance, in the UTC time zone | `string` | `null` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_cloudwatch_log_group_arn"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_arn](#output\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_arn) | Arn of cloudwatch log group created |
| <a name="output_cloudwatch_log_group_name"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_name](#output\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_name) | Name of cloudwatch log group created |
| <a name="output_file_system_arn"></a> [file\_system\_arn](#output\_file\_system\_arn) | Amazon Resource Name of the file system |
| <a name="output_file_system_dns_name"></a> [file\_system\_dns\_name](#output\_file\_system\_dns\_name) | DNS name for the file system, e.g., `fs-12345678.fsx.us-west-2.amazonaws.com` |
| <a name="output_file_system_id"></a> [file\_system\_id](#output\_file\_system\_id) | Identifier of the file system, e.g., `fs-12345678` |
| <a name="output_file_system_network_interface_ids"></a> [file\_system\_network\_interface\_ids](#output\_file\_system\_network\_interface\_ids) | Set of Elastic Network Interface identifiers from which the file system is accessible. As explained in the [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/fsx/latest/LustreGuide/mounting-on-premises.html), the first network interface returned is the primary network interface |
| <a name="output_file_system_preferred_file_server_ip"></a> [file\_system\_preferred\_file\_server\_ip](#output\_file\_system\_preferred\_file\_server\_ip) | IP address of the primary, or preferred, file server |
| <a name="output_file_system_remote_administration_endpoint"></a> [file\_system\_remote\_administration\_endpoint](#output\_file\_system\_remote\_administration\_endpoint) | For `MULTI_AZ_1` deployment types, use this endpoint when performing administrative tasks on the file system using Amazon FSx Remote PowerShell. For `SINGLE_AZ_1` deployment types, this is the DNS name of the file system |
| <a name="output_security_group_arn"></a> [security\_group\_arn](#output\_security\_group\_arn) | Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the security group |
| <a name="output_security_group_id"></a> [security\_group\_id](#output\_security\_group\_id) | ID of the security group |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

## License

Apache-2.0 Licensed. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/clowdhaus/terraform-aws-fsx/blob/main/LICENSE).
